all right let's uh bring in alzer senior
political anst M Bashar and moan the
sheer horror of what's going on in Gaza
is just somehow encapsulated in in that
one awful story isn't it absolutely I've
been obsessing about this um since I saw
this report this
morning as if uh the tragedy of this
family uh
incarnates the 100 days of
genocide um in a way that is so tragic
and so telling and so revealing really
about the cost of War because for the
past 100 days we've shown pictures we've
spoken with high language about the
legal definitions and about strategic
implications and and we counted bombs
and missiles and and casualties and and
and destroyed buildings and hospitals
but we never really sunk in to the depth
of the human suffering until I saw the
story of this family
and it's a family of salm the salm salm
is supposed to be safe this was not
safety for this there was no safety for
this family clearly for years certainly
for the past 100 days Hiba R and NADA
you know came face to face with
evil and and the way she's recounting
her testimony as if it's a dialogue with
death she had uh H her husband
killed in the back murdered assassinated
by the Israeli
soldiers her baby was killed too another
baby is injured and dying of
starvation and this woman uh speaks with
a steady voice but her face is so pale
uh her eyes are so sad recounting the
suffering that is are going on in Gaza
and in the end of the day you look at
this and it really starts sinking in
what does it really mean this war to the
people of Gaza because you know um this
whole started at least presently
speaking with October 7 and October 7
was gruesome to Israeli civilians who
were killed by Hamas Fighters and by
their own military uh clearly uh but
since then we've had 100 October
7s 100 times worse wor than October
7 and this family and this tragedy
isolated like that in Gaza they're not
going to get to go to a hotel now until
their house is rebuilt like the people
in southern Gaza who are now refugees
and hotels in Tel Aviv these families
have nowhere to go no safety nets no
hospitals no social security of any
nature and certainly no one is coming to
their aid and I'm not sure if there's
going to be any Reckoning in terms of
the crimes committed against his family
well that's the thing isn't it because
Charles statford said at the end of his
report there that the that family very
aware of the chances of the perpetrators
of the crimes ever facing Justice
incredibly unlikely so you know down the
line will there be a reckoning not just
about that but about everything that's
happened in Gaza and you you you you
have to agree uh Charles because looking
at the Israeli president being hosted
like a like a hero at Davos among the
Western Elites uh taking him in
listening to him in their hundreds to
his testimony and he's the man who
Unleashed all evil he is not exactly the
executive in Israel but he is the moral
Authority as the president of the
country and he's supposed to be moderate
by the way but he's the one who
Unleashed all evil and basically gave
meaning to
genocide gave the definition of genocide
the intent to genocide Mr Herzog is the
one who in a press conference with
Western Journal said there are no
Innocents in Gaza and has been repeating
those lies ever since about about
children as human Shields to my mind to
my mind it's Israel since October 7 who
used the dead Israeli civilians as human
shield to justify genocide against Gaza
100,000 casualties because Israel
continues to use the same arguments that
our civilians died in October 7 hence we
have the right apparently even the duty
clearly to kill you know with no end in
sight and the Israeli president saying
today that that you in his view every
Palestinian has a missile under his
pillow I mean imagine that as if as if
you know you've been watching some uh
you 1950s movies you know where people
hide their money under their mattresses
as if this makes any sense but also this
doctored evidence that the Israeli Army
showed us in Gaza under hospitals and
Beyond hospitals and and a carry bag
behind uh
an x-ray machine and all these doctor
evidence that we've shown that basically
proed to be lies and all the pretext for
this war for the bombing of the
hospitals turned out to be all humbug
and the idea that that if you only
destroy the buildings and kill the
civilians you will destroy Hamas Hamas
became a really potent Force after the
civilians left and after the buildings
were destroyed and the hospitals and the
residential buildings Israeli soldiers
started to die in in Middle November
when they w't hand inand you know
battled in the in the refugee camps and
in in Gaza so really all in all once
again just to go back to this report
because I I wish everyone would watch
and listen and really have a feel for
what is happening to Gaza and to the
people of Gaza and why this genocide
that is raing unraveling in plain sight
must end the people on Davos should not
be hosting the Israeli president they
should be calling for a ceasefire and
they should be putting the Israeli
leaders on trial instead all right M
thanks for that M Bashar speaking that
now at